What did you guys think about [inaudible] situation?
I know I'm glad that I'm not him.
Let's think about the questions that were asked in this exercise.
First, did Hospital B know about [inaudible] broken foot?
The answer here is yes.
Hospital B received [inaudible] DICOM study while he was
on the way and the radiology report from hospital A.
What this means is that the radiologist,
along with the orthopedic surgeon at Hospital B,
could simply just look at [inaudible] x-ray images
in his DICOM study and determine if he had a broken foot,
or they could also just read the radiology report
that they got from the radiologists at hospital A.
So what about the test results?
Did Hospital B know about the results of [inaudible] bloodwork?
No, they did not.
This information is lab work and falls under the category of clinical data,
which is stored in the EMR and it's not part of the DICOM.
Third, did Hospital B know about [inaudible] low blood pressure?
They answer here is also no.
This is [inaudible] medical history that is also
stored in the EMR and it's not part of the DICOM.